Add documentation for Roborock buttons for routines (#37817)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/roborock.markdown

The Roborock integration allows you to control your [Roborock](https://us.roborock.com/pages/robot-vacuum-cleaner) vacuum while using the Roborock app.

> This integration requires a continuous cloud connection while using the device. However, excluding map data and scenes, communication between the integration and the device is conducted locally.

Reviewer: Lets refer to these as routines instead of scenes

Author: done

Reset air filter - The air filter is expected to be replaced every 150 hours.

> In addition, for every scene/routine/program you define for your vacuum, a button entity will be created to start it.

Reviewer: My impression is this is only supported by some devices. Is that accurate and worth mentioning here?

The roborock docs about Routines linked by the user said: "You can set the device to clean a specific area, room, or the whole house at one touch in the Routines. You can also set schedules in the Routines so that the device can be scheduled to clean a specific area, room, or the whole house." -- so you can also consider using any of that wording.

Author: Hmm Im not sure if it is only support by some devices.  
I changed the wording to "routine"

Reviewer: OK. How do i find routines in my roborock app? or, where do you find them?

Reviewer: I think it is worth clarifying that "you define for your vacuum" means the Roborocok app, and where you go to do it.

Note we're about to do a very large documentation overall based on https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/integration-quality-scale/ which has a lot of suggestions for improving the documentation. We've identified some improvements in https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/139849 and so just meaing to say that the existing documentation is not verbose enough.

Author: in my app, there is a tab at the bottom of the screen to go to routines:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e4f48c26-460f-4363-b393-1bde6f710c38)

Author: I cahnged the wording a buit, how od you suggest to let the user know where it is set up?

Reviewer: OK thanks. I don't have that rightmost Routine tab. I would say just make it clear that (1) you set these in the roborock app for the device and (2) that not all devices support this feature.

Reviewer: (Also this confirms we definitely should not call it scenes since the feature in the app is called Routines)

Author: done

Reset air filter - The air filter is expected to be replaced every 150 hours.

> In addition, some vacuums allow routines to be set up in the app. A button entity will be created for each routine created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, some vacuums allow routines to be set up in the app. For each of those routines, a button entity will be created, allowing you to trigger it.
```
